fix: add more components to the search indexing (#541)
ansys/ansys-sphinx-theme: doc/source/user-guide/options.rst

the amount of milliseconds to wait before executing the search. A value of
``0`` disables the debounce function.

To customise the indexing of your documentation, you can use the ``index_patterns`` dictionary in the ``conf.py`` file.
This dictionary contains the paths to the directories you want to index and the type of nodes to index.
The type of nodes can be ``ALL_NODES``, ``TITLES`` or ``PARAGRAPHS``.
The default value is ``TITLES + PARAGRAPHS``.

Here is an example of how to add the ``index_patterns`` dictionary to the `conf.py`` file:

.. code-block:: python

    index_patterns = {
        "api/": ALL_NODES,
        "examples/": TITLES + PARAGRAPHS,
    }

> The above example will index all nodes in the ``api/`` directory and only titles and paragraphs in the ``examples/`` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above example indexes all nodes in the ``api/`` directory and only titles and paragraphs in the ``examples/`` directory.
```
